{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;\f1\fnil\fcharset128 Courier New;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12000\viewh15840\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\li7920\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf0 5800\
\'abOffice Code\'bb\
\'abDate\'bb\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'abProperty Mgr Name\'bb\
\'abProperty Mgr Addr\'bb\
\'abProperty Mgr City\'bb, \'abProperty Mgr State\'bb  \'abProperty Mgr ZIP\'bb\
\
To whom it may concern:\
\
SUBJECT:  Lease termination for \'abClient Rank\'bb \'abClient Full Name\'bb, USMC\
\
\f0 I am writing on behalf of \'abClient Rank\'bb \'abClient Full Name\'bb, who has consulted me in my capacity as a military Legal Assistance Attorney.  \'abClient Rank\'bb \'abClient Last Name\'bb is a Marine aboard Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina.\
\
This letter now comes under the authority of Title 50 of the United States Code Appendix, Sections 535 and 519, better known as the Lease Termination and Legal Representation clauses of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.  The SCRA is a federal law that gives military personnel the legal right to terminate a residential lease upon receiving orders to execute a Permanent Change of Station move or to deploy in excess of ninety days.  The effective date of termination is thirty days after the next rental payment is due.\
\
Please find attached a copy of my client's orders, which serves as documentation that \'abClient Rank\'bb \'abClient Last Name\'bb is entitled to the rights afforded under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.  Accordingly, this letter serves as notice that my client is terminating the lease, effective thirty days after the next rental payment is due.  \'abClient Rank\'bb \'abClient Last Name\'bb will pay the rent due for those thirty days and deliver possession of the premises to you or your agent before executing the orders.  Please note that the exercise of these rights does not place \'abClient Rank\'bb \'abClient Last Name\'bb in breach or default of the lease, nor does the exercise of these rights mean my client is "breaking" the lease.\
\
Additionally, I respectfully request that you timely return to my client all security deposits or other money owed upon termination of the lease.  Federal law prohibits landlords from holding over security deposits in an effort to make up for rental income lost due to an SCRA lease termination.\
\
If you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact my office.  Thank you sincerely for your time, consideration, and cooperation in this matter.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li4680\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Respectfully, \
\
\
\
John B. Smith\
Captain, U.S. Marine Corps\
Legal Assistance Attorney\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Enclosure:  (1) Copy of redacted orders}