{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 \fmodern Courier New;}}

\fs20\f0\margt1440\margb1440\margl1440\margr1440

{\pard\qr 
«ssic»\line
«origcode»\line
«date»
\par}

{\pard
«landlord»\line
«landlord addr»\line
«landlord city», «landlord state»  «landlord zip»\line\line\par}

{\pard
To whom it may concern:
\line\par}

{\pard
SUBJECT:  Lease termination for «full rank» «full name», USMC
\line\par}

{\pard
I am writing on behalf of «full rank» «full name», who has consulted me in my capacity as a 
military Legal Assistance Attorney.  CALLME is a Marine aboard Marine Corps 
Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina.
\line\par}

{\pard
This letter comes under the authority of Title 50 of the United States Code Appendix, 
Sections 535 and 519, better known as the Lease Termination and Legal Representation 
clauses of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act.  The SCRA is a federal law that gives 
military personnel the legal right to terminate a residential lease upon receiving 
orders to execute a Permanent Change of Station move or to deploy in excess of ninety 
days.  The effective date of termination is thirty days after the next rental payment 
is due. 
\line\par}

{\pard
Please find attached a «documentation type», which serves as documentation that 
«full rank» «full name» is entitled to the rights afforded under the Servicemembers Civil 
Relief Act.  Accordingly, this letter serves as notice that my client is terminating the 
lease, effective thirty days after the next rental payment is due.  «full rank» «full name» 
will pay the rent due for those thirty days and deliver possession of the premises to you 
or your agent before executing the PCS orders.  Please note that the exercise of these 
rights does not place «full rank» «full name» in breach or default of the lease, nor does 
the exercise of these rights mean my client is "breaking" the lease. 
\line\par}

{\pard
Additionally, I respectfully request that you timely return to my client all security 
deposits or other money owed upon termination of the lease.  Federal law prohibits 
landlords from holding over security deposits in an effort to make up for rental income 
lost due to an SCRA lease termination. 
\line\par}

{\pard
If you have any questions or require further information, please do not hesitate to contact 
my office.  Thank you sincerely for your time, consideration, and cooperation in this matter.
\line\line\line\par}

{\pard\li4680
Respectfully,\line\line\line\line
«ja full name»\line
«ja full rank», U.S. Marine Corps\line
Legal Assistance Attorney
\line\par}

{\pard
Enclosure:  (1) «documentation type:Like This»
\par}




{\footer
{\pard \fs16
This letter is written by a military legal assistance attorney on behalf of an individual client, and does not represent an official position of the Department of the Navy or the U.S. Government.
\par}
}
{\header
{\pard \qc \fs16
{\b \fs20 UNITED STATES MARINE CORPS}\line
LEGAL SERVICES SUPPORT TEAM\line
LEGAL ASSISTANCE OFFICE\line
POSTAL SERVICE CENTER BOX 8007\line
MCAS CHERRY POINT, NC 28533-0007\line
(p) 252-466-2311 | (f) 252-466-8169
\par}
{\pard \overlay \pvpg \phpg \posx720 \posy720
\par}}}
